Giggle

What was a win: 
MY final version looks largely like my wireframes.  I had an idea of what i wanted my project to look like, and executed it with that in mind.  In that way I succesfully worked towards a consistent goal.  

The styling of my pages is consistent, meaning it is an enjoyable experience navigating through the project.

I achieved all the funcitonality i wanted (demostrated through a user experience), including a login page with devise, succesfully storing a username and password, a file upload, and most importantly, incorporating googlemaps API that succesfully renders a map with a venue location.

Pure code became more familiar through repetition.  I began to understand the process and what i was doing with particular commands- the function of which i was previously unsure of.  

Styling was a slow process.  It took me a while to understand the key to a slick and clean clean website.  For me, UNDERSTATMENT is everything as your layout determines user experience, and has equally as much input into your user retention rate. Easy navigation around a website with a continuous theme was the goal, and whilst this took a long time to achieve, i really do believe that this has been a very steep but succesful learning curvein terms of styling.  

As Franklin Roosevelt said, "Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative creative effort", i i have here a website i am proud of, and would be proud to show others in the future.  

What i would have done differently.  
As i get more familiar with styling, i think i would benefit from styling slightly as i go along.  Instead of wrestling with my own sanity it would be more benefitial for me to take a break from code in times of real frustration and do some styling.  The benefits are twofold, it would take my mind off the code i am really struggling with before i self-implode, and secondly, it would give my website some shape, which helps make the process a more enevly enjoyable experience, as you more easily feel you are going in the right direction towards your end goal.  

I would have done my homepage slightly differently.  Im not sure how, as i changed it a number of times, but im not completely satisfied with the result.  I dont think it fully goes along with the overall theme.  

I would also liked to have implemented a my gigs page, where everything a particular user had uploaded would be.

